Hi there I'm Rayan.
And in this course you're going to build many apps using ARKit to start this course.
First you're going to display a very basic shapes into the phone's camera view and you'll finish this
section by making a very basic up in which you build a house from very basic shapes and display the
House and the phone's camera view.
And the next section you're going to draw in 3D by learning how and when to place nodes right in front
of the camera's position right after that you will learn how to rap different shapes with textures and
surfaces to make really cool designs like the planet Earth.
Then you'll make a really cool game by learning how to make 3-D models like the jellyfish you see right
now and how to apply basic animations to these models.
After that you will learn how to detect planes which are simply horizontal surfaces in the world around
you to master plane detection you will replace every horizontal plane with lava.
And once we've mastered plane detection you'll make your Ikea up where you will place household objects
on top of horizontal surfaces.
You'll also learn how to drive on top of these surfaces.
We're going to build our own vehicle give that vehicle vehicular physics learn how to steer the vehicle
based on the orientation of the phone.
You will learn to use the phone's accelerometer chip to detect your phone's orientation and therefore
steering your car accordingly.
Then you will make a distance measuring up which allows you to measure real life distances in the real
world.
Next you'll learn to make an and or a dimensional portal.
You will build the portal yourself.
Learn how to design your portal with different cube map images and you'll learn to mask the portal and
by doing so you'll give the user the illusion that he's going inside of a whole new world.
Next you'll learn how to launch projectiles by making a basketball up you'll build a basketball court
from scratch displayed in the scene.
View design your own basketball and launch your basketball based on how the phone is oriented as well
as the force that's being applied on the ball.
Finally you'll make a shooter up one in which the user shoots a bullet and tries to hit the targets
in front of them.
By making this up you will learn how to detect contact between two three dimensional objects.
By the end of this course you will have the confidence to build any A-R kit that you put your mind to.